hey everybody good morning just want to
come and show you that I reach twist my
hair last night I didn't wash it I just
whipped my hair and I have grapeseed oil
and the lemon essential in here you also
can put glycerine in here too to help
soften it up yes okay like I did the
cinnamon but it's really good and you
can also put the three in a bottle and
cleanse your face with this dr.
Bronner's now they already had lemon in
here and has some oils now the print is
real also I have my magnifying glass so
I can't really read to you what it has
but what you can do if you want a little
bit more than then you can put a few
more drops it's not going to hurt but
like I said I'm going to put my
disclaimer down there and you guys have
to make sure that you know if you have
any elements going on your body cancer
on diabetes congestive heart failure
things like that you need to get
clearance from your doctor to see if you
can use any of the essential oils
because these are very powerful and when
the essential oil gets on your skin
within 20 minutes it just absorbs and it
goes into your blood cells so we have to
be careful about that but um this here I
use on my body on my face and my hair I
don't need to buy any more shampoo or
anything like that now I'm not telling
you to but this is more directed to
people who really want to come away from
the world of poison which I call because
I'm telling you it changed the texture
of your hair and everything now it might
smell good and you like that smell
but you can create your own stuff you
guys now you can get liquid soap you can
buy it or you can buy the castle flakes
so now this can get very expensive okay
but you can make this yourself by equal
parts so if you put a cup of water you
want to put
a cup of the flakes they have soap
flakes you can you can dissolve and and
you can make it yourself
and then put your glycerin in there your
essential oils and you can make young
shampoo I'm telling you you can do that
as far as conditioner I'm going back the
way by using the mayonnaise or probably
use some other stuff but I'm working on
some things because I gotta have things
in case you cannot go to the store and
fade it and wash so it's really good now
I have another book that I bought with
the Heritage I don't care for the word
magical and then in here from what I'm
seeing it'll say like lemon I'll say
like lemon here and then it'll say lemon
will purify your home attract love deep
in friendship and renew you now we're
talking about something as spiritual
okay the other spiritual now I believe
that lemon it has its own benefits for
the body but when we talk about
physically as far as emotionally I don't
get into all the other stuff so I could
bypass that so I keep a lot of fresh
lemon on hand have some in there I
already did my lemon facial wash with
this here and all I did is put this in
here and I add it just a little bit more
the oil grapeseed oil and the essential
oil lemon and then I wash my face with
it I put it on my pad rubbed it and
start exfoliating right now my face is
is tight it's really tight and it's just
and it's dry so here I'm going to put
just a squeeze that's all I need nothing
I can see that
and that's all I need
it helps with acne and it also helps
with bleaching this the areas like
blemishes and stuff so you can also take
a few drops one two and two maybe a half
a teaspoon of your carrier oil and then
just dab it in the area like I say you
want to do a skin test yes
so from here no compute e tips I just
want to come in this morning I'm going
to go in there and have my breakfast now
and my hot lemon tea and later on today
I'll show you how I'll make the cleanser
with a glycerin it's really good simple
and then when my hair dries later
because I have to be somewhere ten
o'clock since woke up early I'm going to
take the essentials you can take the
central oil itself and put it in the
carrier oil and then when you twist your
hair such as mine and you can just put
the oil or the parts art and just
massage it in and it stimulates for hair
growth clove all these other oils too
like I said you need to make sure that
you are okay yes like I said read my
disclaimer down there I'm just saying
you need to go check with your doctor
and see if it's okay for you to put in
these oils on your bodies this is why we
can take care of ourselves now for those
who are healthy because when you start
messing with oils and things like that
you start affecting the endocrine inside
your body organs alright talk to you
later